Week 15             Jenny Jansson
Monday 11/4
Third week of the project.
Sprint planning with whole group. Group decided to have stand up meeting at Friday.
This week hardware group is responsible for finalizing Bluetooth connection. 
Backend is responsible for developing API for GET and Post position/request. 
My group frontend is aiming to accomplish Connect Bluetooth object to application and establish connection to robot/mower. 
1h
Work on my own was to try out all Kotlin basics, following fragments tutorials.
4h

12/4
Meeting with frontend group at 1pm through discord. Agenda is to distribute user stories 
and to declare them. Our priority is to set up Bluetooth as soon as possible. The foundation of 
buttons and each fragment is supposed to be an assignment for each team worker of the frontend team. 
The UX designer student this week will take care of the frontend design. A meeting with UX is planned for tomorrow.
Each for button a function event listener to start and toggle the buttons.  Our organization IMS6 have a function 
in GitHub called issues where each ticket is dedicated for each assignment. 
Four user stories are created on GitHub, first create layout for ConnectFragment which I took. Another is created 
layout for MapHistoryFragment, create layout for ControlFragment and create navbar for application. Goal is to be 
finished with these tasks until tomorrow.
2h
Finally, my simulator is working on my laptop. The problem was that the android studio had update version 
but not components like simulator. Now updated and the program is working. I’m setting up my own branch 
on GitHub. Next step is to work with my user story called “create layout for ConnectFragment”. Visuals 
tells that I need to create a picture of Bluetooth, a button that says, “connect to Bluetooth”.
Also, I tried to find out how we can set up Bluetooth connection.
4 hours

13/4
Meeting with frontend
Just checkup how everything is going if anyone needs help. I did set up id for image and button 
in XML file but now a code needs to be implemented. 
3h
Wednesday
Work on my own, I checked documentations and tutorials on now to implement in fragments image 
view and button. All the documentations seem to refer only in activity but that is a bit different in 
fragments. Base structure should be when putting a function in a variable then reuse it with the id and its 
resource, like this (R.draw.imageview) with oncreate method but for now it resulting errors.
5h
Thursday 
Guest lecture with Linus Rudbeck at 15 pm. Overall and general how mobile systems 
works and own experience. 
2h

Friday
Standup meeting with whole group.
Frontend is having a bit problem with fragments including me. Working activities and now we started to 
implement Bluetooth. Another group member is having problem with permissions. 
Hardware group made changes on Bluetooth connection that is connected to raspberry pi. Bluetooth Serie 
connection with raspberry pi with a test app, seems like it works.
2h
Backend is working with get and post request including API.
Authentications need to be set up; they are keep working with it. Azure and AWS light sale 
trying to set up for deploying. They managed to deploy backend to AWS C3 lightsale which was 
easier and better solution than Azure. Next week they will try to fix it on Azure but if it won’t work, 
they will keep it on AWS lightsale.
Planned sprint planning meeting on Wednesday 15.15 pm.
Work on my own trying to fix connect fragment before next meeting.
5h

Total 24h
