Logbook activity				Jenny Jansson, group 6


1 / 4
Meeting with the frontend group. Discussion of what our tasks are. According to task for what an App s
hould do is two EPICS. As first EPIC we shall take user input and translate this to drive commands passed to 
the robot, and second EPIC is that the app shall visualize the path travelled by the Mower including collision 
avoidance events. The meeting was much more clear than last time. Epics were made to user stories on GitHub.
We made user stories of Bluetooth and main activity as a start point of frontend work. 
3hrs

5/4
Zoom lecture and then meeting with the whole group. The group created a project on GitHub where the code will
be committed in future. The project is separated in three different repositories. Mower, backend, and frontend.  
A group member showed how to commit in GitHub, a short repeat for everyone who wanted a walkthrough GitHub.  
3hrs



6/4
Meeting with frontend group. A group member did set up a project in android studio and committed. Our other 
members task was to see if we can fetch it successfully. The versions needed to be updated and some simulators 
didn’t work, tother we made sure that everyone had the Kotlin environment Android studio working, which took 
a lot of time. 
Since we don’t have UX designer, we planned to make a quick fix on the architecture on the app. A mockup to know 
how to program the app. The priority is s till to set up Bluetooth as soon as possible. Also, everyone got an 
assignment to watch and follow Kotlin tutorial that is on 1 hour. The purpose is to get use to classes, fragments, 
and activities. XML files is representing the views of the app and java files is the logic of the app. We also 
discussed which API level the Kotlin programming should contain. Newest version is APL level 31 but as recommended 
from previous course Android development we had last year, we should take the one API that been pushed a while such 
as API level 28, to minimize the risk of Mower not connecting to the Bluetooth we implement.
A documentation of the Bluetooth set up is prepared to apply to the app in soon future. Which I did read and 
keep making the simulator work on my computer. 
Walkthrough the tutorial and follow it which took approximate 2hours.
6hrs

7/4
Meeting with the whole group: 
Stand up meeting with whole group. So far we all started will our tasks. Our leader will have 
meeting with Husqvarna.

meeting with frontend, we made 4 different fragments, on monday we will decided who will work with which fragment.

Work I done on my own:
Making sure that simulator works on my computer. Followed tutorial on 1h, 
learning about fragments
8hrs

Total 20hrs
