<Mikael Mohlin - Week 15>

11/4
We had a spring planning meeting with the whole group, in which we decided goals for this sprint for each sub-group:
Hardware: Finalize bluetooth functionality on mover.
Backend: Setup the API from the backend.
Frontend: Setup and finalize the bluetooth feature from the mobile application.
Rest of the day was spent on watching tutorials on how to work with fragments in android studio
(~ 4 hours)

12/4 
A meeting with the frontend group was held with the intention to go through each seperate user story from our project, to then 
assign one user story to each member to work on. The most important task we had in front of us were to get bluetooth functioning on the app,
and since none of us in the frontend group have worked on that before, we had to spend some time first to read documentations and follow tutorials.
For my own part, I worked with the MapHistoryFragment, in which i implemented the fundemental layout for that fragment.
(~ 4 hours)

13/4
I continued working with the MapHistoryFragment in which I tried to come up with a smart solution on how the overall map should be visualized for
the path travelled by the mover. But the task was way harder than I thought since there were not any good libraries to use for that specific
feature. Most of the libraries i stumbled upon was ordinary graphs, with an x and a y-axis, but where the overall sequence of the data points
could be visualized from left to right. I needed to find a library in which the datapoints could be visualized in a 2D view, where all data points
could be placed in different locations. But in the end I found a functionality in Android Studio called "draw on canvas", which means that you can draw
manually on the screen however you want, without a defined coordinate system. So, that is what I started to implement next.
(~ 5 hours)

14/4
I continued working on the "draw on canvas" functionality. But since I never worked on it before, I had to watch several tutorials on how to work with it.
At the end of this work session I managed to fix so that data points could be drawn inside a defined "drawing area" within the fragment. These data points in which
came from an ordinary list of x & y values. I also managed to implement so that a line was drawn between each of these data points, which in the future, will 
represent the path travelled by the mover.
In the afternoon I viewed a lecture from a guest lecturer called Linus Rudbeck.
(~ 5 hours)

Total hours spend: ~ 18 hours
