<Mikael Mohlin - Week 19>

9/5
A sprint planning meeting was held with the whole group. Our goal within the frontend group was to finalize the bluetooth features and display position
data from the mover. Next week is planned to be reserved for writing the documentation, so the whole implementation phase is intended to be done by the end of
this week.
I continued working alone on the current task, which was to display position data on the app. Last week I managed to fetch the session object from the backend
and parse it to a Kotlin object. This object which in turn contains the x,y values which is needed to draw out the positions. To extract the position data from
the parsed object i first had to convert it from a string to an object called Datapoint(x,y) which obviously contains the x and y values. After a while, I finally
managed to the converting process work.
~ 5 hours

10/5
I noticed some error when the app tried to convert the result from backend to integers of x and y values. So, I took some time to figure that out which led
to that I had to rethink some of the implementation when converting the parsed object to a DataPoint(x,y).
~ 4 hours

12/5
I continued working on the task of visualizing position data. To draw the actual data points on the screen I had to implement a function called drawOnCanvas which 
then takes a list of DataPoints from my custom class to later on display on the screen. After a few hours of hustling I finally managed do draw out the
position data in the from of points.
I later on spent some time cleaning up the code and moving some snippets to seperate files, in order to make the code more structured and readable.
~ 4 hours

13/5
A retrospective meeting was held with the whole group with intention to go through what has been achived this week.
~ 1 hours

15/5
As of now, the map that contains position data is quite zoomed out which makes the different datapoints quite hard to see. So, to fix this I implemented a function
that dynamically scales the map according to how big the received x,y values are.
Later on I implemented a functionality which draws the first data point from a session to another color, with intention to indicate that specific data point
is the starting points of the mover.
~ 6 hours

Total hours spent: ~20 hours
