<Mikael Mohlin - Week 18>

2/5
We had a sprint planning meeting with the entire group. Our goals for this sprint was to be able to send control commands from the app to the mover and
the testing of this functionality was planned to be done on thursday this week. From our group (android app) we had one person that would finalize the last
steps in order to make the bluetooth data stream work.
But, there were still more tasks on our application that had to be done and since not everyone from our sub-group could attend this sprint planning meeting, we had 
to plan our next meeting on the next day instead.
(~2 hours)

3/5
A meeting was held with the android group with intention to review our remaining tasks and how we would divide them. The current tasks we could identify were: 
- Fetch data fom backend to display path travelled from the mover on the app.
- Send data (move commands) to mover via bluetooth.
- Design the UI in the app after the finished UX design.
- Show some sort of connection status when connected/disconnected to the mover.
These were the tasks we identified and for the most part, we managed to divide these tasks to each individual from our group.
My task was to work on the firstly mentioned task, fetching mover position data from backend and display them in a map/graph on the app.
(~2 hours)

4/5
I started working on the MapHistoryFragment where I should retrieve data from backend to later display on the app.
For starters I had to check what type of request I had to do in order to fetch the desired data. There were some libraries I had to import in order to make
the app able to send requests to/from API´s.
After a while I finally managed to fetch a list of sessions from the backend and print the result in the console. So, now the app can receive a list of different
mover sessions.
(~3 hours)

5/5
This day I continued working on sessions. The next task was to take the list of sessions and make them displayable and choosable in a dropdown (spinner) item.
The overall plan of this functionality is that the user should be able to change between different sessions, so that the user can see the coordinates drawn out
on the map from a specific sessions.
And after a couple of hours I managed to make the dropdown item display each session entity instead which was the initial plan.
(~4 hours)

6/5
I continued working with the task of displaying mover sessions.
There were a few minor tasks i managed to complete this day, which were:
- A on click listener on the dropdown menu, so that something would happen when the user select one desired session.
- Fetching a session with a specific id, selected from the dropdown menu.
- Parsing the session data from the API to a session class on the app, so that it can be used to later draw the coordinated on the map/graph.
(~8 hours)

Total time spent: ~19 hours
